3
D. Woodrow Wilson’s Progressive Program featured a tariff reduction through 
the Underwood Tariff which drastically lowered tariffs. At that time in history, 
it was the first time tariffs were reduced in 50 years.
5
B is correct Woodrow Wilson wished to remain neutral in foreign affairs. 
A is incorrect because Wilson remained neutral in the beginning of the war. 
C is incorrect because the US only became involved after a chain of events that roped them into the war, 
so they did not declare war until years after it started. 
D is incorrect because Wilson urged his people to remain neutral throughout the war. 
4
B is correct because despite signing the pledge in 1916, in March 17, the Germans sank five US
merchant ships. A is incorrect because the Germans sank five U.S. ships in March 1917. C is
incorrect because US citizens strongly favored the British because of Wilson’s British-favoring policies.
D is incorrect because the Sussex Pledge was between the Americans and Germans. 
5
B is correct because SCOTUS ruled that the Espionage Act was constitutional. 
Justice Oliver stated that free speech was NOT unlimited if it presents a “clear and present 
danger.” A is incorrect because Schenck v United States because the case dealt with Schenck who 
was charged with the Espionage Act. C is incorrect because Justice Oliver stated that there was 
a limit to speech. D is incorrect because the Espionage Act was deemed constitutional by the court.
3
D is correct because all of the possible choices are correct. A is true because people wanted to 
escape the turmoil in Mexico from the revolution. B is also true, Mexicans flocked to the Southwest 
to farm. C is also true because thousands of Mexicans also crossed the border to mine. 
6
B is correct because the rest of the Allies strongly disagreed with Woodrow Wilson’s desire 
for peace without victory. A is incorrect because the other Allies sought revenge and bitter 
punishment against the Germans. C is incorrect because they had no sense of remorse towards 
the Germans, signing the Treaty of Versailles which punished the Germans harshly. D is incorrect 
because the remaining countries of the Big Four, Britain, France, and Italy, were united strongly 
against Wilson’s idealistic beliefs. 
5
B is the correct choice.The Zimmerman telegram was authored by Arthur Zimmerman in January 1917, 
meaning it was before the US declared participation in WW1. A is incorrect because the telegram 
did propose a partnership between Germany and Mexico. C is incorrect because the telegram was 
intercepted and decoded by British intelligence. D is incorrect because the telegram was open to 
the public, which cause public pressure for the US to join the war. 
5
B it the correct choice. The Teapot Dome scandal occurred when Albert fall allowed oil companies 
to drill on federal land in Wyoming set aside for the use by the Navy. A is incorrect because the 
Whiskey Ring scandal was a case of corruption under the Grant administration. C is incorrect 
because Drillgate is not a real scandal. D is incorrect because Watergate occurred under the 
Nixon administration.
6
A is the correct answer. The Schechter Poultry Corp vs United States case invalidated the NIRA based 
on the fact that it violated the 10th amendment and gave the federal government too much power. B is 
incorrect because that Schenck vs United States is a case about free speech. C is incorrect because 
United States vs Butler ruled part of the AAA (Agricultural Adjustment Act) unconstitutional. D is 
incorrect because Humphrey's Ex'r v. United States was about the power of the president in removing 
officials in government.
7
C is the correct answer choice. The Grapes of Wrath was a novel by John Steinbeck published in 1939 
that told of the hardships of the Dust Bowl from the perspective of a family of farmers named the 
Joads. The Joads traveled from Oklahoma to California in search of better opportunity during the 
Dust Bowl. A is incorrect because A Raisin in the Sun is a play about an African American family in 
Chicago. B is incorrect because A Streetcar named Desire is about a character named Blanche DuBois 
moving in with her sister. D is incorrect because The Great Gatsby was about life in the Roaring 
Twenties.
4
D is the correct answer. The Volstead act of 1918 was created in order to enforce the 18th amendment 
which caused the Prohibition of alcohol in the United States. A, B, and C are incorrect because the 
Volstead Act was purely created to address prohibition. World War 1, tariffs and immigration were 
issues addressed by other policies.
5
B is the correct answer. The 17th amendment changed the election process of Senators. Rather than 
having the state legislature elect the senators (which had problems of corruption), the 17th amendment 
allowed for a popular vote by the public to decide their respective Senator. A is incorrect because 
before 1913, there was already direct election of representatives in the House. C and D are incorrect 
because there is no direct election of the President or Supreme Court justices.
4
D. is the correct answer. Teddy Roosevelt, known as the “trustbuster,” broke up over 40 trusts during 
his presidency. In addition to breaking up Northern Securities, he encouraged Congress to pass the 
Elkins and Hepburn Act which allowed for increased regulating power of the Interstate Commerce Commission. 
Thus, A-C are incorrect as they are not the ONLY correct answer.
6
B is the correct answer because Hoover’s name became synonymous with shantytowns. These towns were 
impoverished areas with makeshift shelters during the Great Depression. A is incorrect because Hoover 
was unable to build lavish cities during the Great Depression. C is incorrect because Hoover did not 
come up with such plan and in fact, was often criticized for his inability to mitigate the depression. 
D is incorrect because the 1920s and 1930s were key decades during the Great Depression, characterized 
by severe economic hardship. 
6
A is the correct answer. The Bonus Army marched because they wanted certificates they were given in 
compensation for World War 1 to be open to redemption now rather than in 1945. B is incorrect because 
the Bonus Army cared most about having money to spent as they were without work. C is incorrect because 
the Bonus Army did not care about the current policy of disarmament. D is incorrect because while most 
of the Bonus Army did not support Hoover’s economic policies, they were only protesting for their self 
interests.
5
B is the correct answer. Other countries engaged in a trade war with the US after passing the Smoot 
Hawley tariff, meaning they also increased their tarrifs. A is incorrect because exports decreased as 
other countries did not want to pay the high tariff. C is incorrect because the Smoot Hawley tariff was 
one of the highest US tariffs up to that point in US history. D is incorrect because the Smoot Hawley 
tariff was implemented at the start of the Great Depression and only made the economy worse.
4
C is the correct answer. “The Jungle” discusses the horrible sanitary conditions of the meatpacking 
industry, which the Meat Inspection Act of 1906 attempt to fix. A and B are incorrect because they 
were policies related to conservation, which “The Jungle” did not discuss. D is incorrect because the 
Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 was passed before the publication of The Jungle.
3
A is the correct answer. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) was 
created in 1908. B, C, and D are all incorrect because these organizations were formed during the 
Civil Rights movement of the 1960s.
4
A is the correct answer. The Washington Conference led to 3 policies on disarmament that major countries 
such as the US, Britain and Japan implemented. B is incorrect because the League of Nations was not an 
issue discussed. C is incorrect because Britain was at the conference and the issue was not discussed. 
D is incorrect because immigration quotas were not discussed with other countries.
4
D is the correct answer. The New Deal included policies like the Federal Emergency Relief Administration 
aimed at providing help for those without jobs or homes. A and B are incorrect because this was a criticism 
espoused by many Republicans. C is incorrect because this was a criticism espoused by some extreme liberal 
Democrats or socialists.
