a. Limiting the power of big business
b. Improving democracy for people
c. Strengthening social justice 
d. Increasing tariffs to fund conservation projects
a. Support his policy in siding with the Allied Powers 
b. Remain neutral
c. Enlist in the military 
d. Remain wary of the Germans
a. It prevented the Germans from attacking US ships altogether
b. The Germans violated it shortly after, encouraging Wilson to declare war
c. It influenced many Americans to sympathize with the Germans
d. It was an agreement between the Americans and British which solidified their alliance
a. The Sedition Act was constitutional
b. The Espionage Act was constitutional
c. Free speech could not be limited, regardless of the circumstances
d. None of the above
a. Escape the revolution
b. Work in agriculture 
c. Work in mining
d. All of the above
a. Shared
b. Strongly disagreed with
c. Somewhat agreed with
d. None of the above. Each of the Allies had their own opinions about peacemaking.
a. It proposed a military partnership between Germany and Mexico
b. It was sent after US declared participation in World War 1
c. It was intercepted and decoded by British intelligence
d. The Zimmerman telegram was open to the public
a. Whiskey Ring
b. Teapot Dome
c. Drillgate
d. Watergate
a. Schechter Poultry Corp vs United States
b. Schenck vs United States
c. United States vs Butler
d. Humphrey's Ex'r v. United States
a. A Raisin in the Sun
b. A Streetcar Named Desire
c. The Grapes of Wrath
d. The Great Gatsby
a. World War 1
b. Tariffs on farmers
c. Ban on immigrants from communist countries
d. Prohibition of alcohol
a. Allow for the direct election of Representatives in the House
b. Allow for the direct election of Senators
c. Allow for the direct election of the President
d. Allow for the direct election of Supreme Court Justices
a. Sponsored and signed the Elkins Act
b. Sponsored and signed Hepburn Act
c. Break up Northern Securities, a railroad holding company owned by JP Morgan
d. All of the above
a. Lavish cities built by President Hoover
b. Towns made of paper, plastic and other basic materials to accommodate homeless people during the Great Depression
c. An infrastructure plan proposed by President Hoover to improve town infrastructure
d. A gothic renaissance in the 1920s and 1930s that occurred under Hoover’s presidency
a. To receive immediate compensation for their efforts in WW1, which they were set to receive in 1945
b. To establish Veterans healthcare centers across the US
c. To encourage the US to follow more disarmament policies
d. To draw awareness to the failure of the Hoover administration’s economic policies
a. It massively increased the amount of goods exported from the US
b. It caused other countries such as Canada to also raise their tariffs
c. It was a very small tariff so it did not have a big impact
d. It helped the US recover from the Great Depression
a. Newlands Reclamation Act
b. Forest Reserve Act
c. Meat Inspection Act
d. Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890
a. NAACP
b. Black Panther Party
c. Congress of Racial Equality
d. Southern Christian Leadership Conference
a. Promoting world peace through disarmament policies
b. Approving the League of Nations
c. Curtailing the power of the British Empire
d. Immigration quotas in the United States
a. It was too harsh on businesses
b. It was fiscally irresponsible because it was paid for by increasing debt
c. It was not harsh enough on banks
d. It did not do anything for the unemployed
